IDEAS:

buckshot roulette
binding of isaac <-
super meat boy
clash royale
rhythm game (Friday Night Funkin, Geometry Dash, osu)

STORY (PLOT):

- "An Old Guy trying to fix his life"
    One day, an old man dies (in a car crash or something). After his death, he experiences flashbacks of
    his life, and "something" (some god?) gives him the opportunity to change certain events, which are 
    his biggest regrets.

    Each room would represent one of the old man’s regrets/traumas.


- "The lost Package"
    A character that spends all its day at home, ordered something online, but that package never arrived. The only clue
    of the location of the package, is the employee that was meant to deliver it (Pablo or idk), so for the first time
    in years, the character leaves home and starts looking for Pablo in order to find the package (beating all the delivery
    guys in the process and getting random items to help hi/her).

    plot twis - the package is something really stupid
    
- "The Internet goes Down"
    A guy that is always at home, but his internet goues down. So he goes outside and random things happen (the different
    levels).

- "Tutorial HELL" (lowkey good name)
    So one guy tries a new videogame, and he is playing the tutorial, but then the tutorial keeps adding stuff (mechanics 
    or enemies) so the player can't stop playing.

    At the end, once the guy finished the 'tutorial' there is a message saying 'pay $10 to get the full version!' so he
    sues the game company :)

 - "Dreamland" 
After one guy decides to go to sleep weird things happen. Every room represents a dream (or a part of the dream) where random things happen, 
they can be memories (e.g at a playground, enemies can be toys), wishes (being able to fly idk, getting promoted at work 
->enemies can be his colleagues), absurd things (e.g happening in some kind of cloud "city", 
enemies can be lightning, some weather themed creatures + upside down world (maybe the mechanics can be inverted)) 
The final boss can be the alarm clock, happening in some weird version of his room, the moment he beats it, he wakes up

 - "Murder mistery"
A detective is called to solve quite the case, almost no evidence was left behind. 
Considering he is very intelligent and talented in his job, he is able to "see" what happened before the crime
(maybe through the victim's pov). Basically he travels in time. Each room represents an event that led to the murder.
Enemies can be anything, from the murderers to the obstacles that person had to go through that day
( e.g. something at the office/school etc.) 
And maybe the final boss can literally be the murderer which after you beat drops a special item, 
which is his id, so you solve the case and arrest the guy.
